or the cabals and tabalas here javier
Alejandro presenting a new server
of similar confidence with part of the
factions and things for users
new first of all if you are a
new user will put bar
and will give you an assembler
of gold
some tools and a word and ten
of bread
Welcome to the new being
all
this is the Hispanic of one begins there
free months of charms each
with its different levels
and the laws of 30 here
to a lake lucky meter see support always
is enjoying
a soup of administrators going down
these stairs
crazy
and here is the sep that is like that with rock
is the sub-office so you click on the poster and
here do you put how much do you want for
example I want three of bread
I write three
3 bread
and this place asked for it in many things
there are also vip ranges that are
like that 54 the very good majority the
server is just beginning and
here also to the server these swords
I'm in this
the portals look at the neider portal
parkour to the resources you can not see without
fight plots that are plot climates and
that are endless and you can quickly
get yours the woman in the pet
pvp are the pvd faction for an exterior
but diarrhea grace admin that we already saw
and outside to see the two places here
there are to kill free little pigs
Spanish for those who need food
And here too
good in the worlds and all that too
there is war
the word command
be eating
there is the tpa
but our the agile pp to avoid
loot sons of bitches who love you
kill is there is an anti chip for those who
use the two other hacks that and the king
so they can not cheat
Now I'm going to take you to the plots
so they can see how big they are
so
wait for me to load
here is my my plot
and this is the part of the normal
good let me on the brightness so that
they saw all
the normal plot of 32 x 32
giant morton is already totally free and
it can be created automatically complete
my car or if you are in a free blog my
plan
well this is my third time with the
pretty and all without needing the private
because here it is already cured ts as it is but
there is also the block of and an ax
you can also create half look
and this I can buy myself
which is very easy because look, you hit the
chest
and you put the price of what you have
crazy weeks to sell
hit what you have will not be sold will
sell an aston
live the chingón that open
click
and for not the number but surely not
will give nothing because there is no succession
and that's how all the gas is without
need a lot because you can not
put etcetera
how much is my house so that you look at what
wide that is all I want to put this
look so much scored so
houses bitches
is the fax command jones can you
create a totally free faction without
need minimum cost are the
jobs
I
good
which is both these gods in Spanish not
is the one of such adore water because it is
the tri so you can see right now
teach and so do not leave even one branch
even if it's
because a tree has to be Vatican
jungle giant xxi will not leave leaves
because thousands have put it well
and good friends and friends
that has been all
I get something else to put
you can also put your friends here
easily without needing a
administrator
this has been all thanks to those who
have subscribed and all that and see you later